what's going on guys my name is Tefft
ETF and welcome to another planet
destiny episode today I've got the
privilege and honor to review the new
crotas end auto rifle of this defiance
this is the second legendary primary
weapon to have solar damage in destiny
and is a drop from the bridge section of
hard mode crotas end the description
reads we will not go quietly
cosmetically it's got the same skull and
bone green glowing light motifs at the
crotas end weapons feature personally I
think it's cool and the green color
scheme is a nice change
aside from solar damage on a primary
this weapon has two standout features
that set it apart from the pack the
first major upgrade perk offers two
options hipfire this weapon has bonus
accuracy while firing from the hip and
focus fire suros regime made focus fire
famous in the PvP community and is a
much sought after perk for Auto rifle
enthusiasts however some people don't
like how slow the fire rate becomes with
suros regime once the perk has been
purchased this is not the case with
abyss defiant focus fire effectively
gives the option to have a higher impact
slower rate of fire option built right
into a lower impact auto rifle being
able to effectively turn this on or off
is an awesome perk hipfire might be a
bit more useful in nightfall strikes
when the solar burn modifier is active
but most people will opt for focus fire
as a main upgrade to have the other perk
is lich bane projectiles have a chance
to disorient hive wizards abyss defiant
is the only weapon that has this perk
although this is very situational the
ability comes in very handy it's
effectively causing a flashbang grenade
effect on wizards about one to two times
for every entire magazine unloaded
coupled with the solar damage makes this
weapon a wizard killer I was skeptical
about this perk initially but after
using it in a Ark burn summoning pits
nightfall I'm thrilled to have this
option in my arsenal this will no doubt
come in handy for the ear youth section
of Curtiz and let's take a look at the
sights quick-draw is offers fastest
reload speed red dot o RS offers
increased range of stability penalty to
reload speed and my personal favorite
red dot OAS for best stability like most
high fire rate low impact auto rifles
this gun has a lot of recoil I think
you're gonna prefer the stability perks
of a range and reload especially since
the reload speed is already really high
the second upgrade tree offers single
point sling perfect
and lightweight in my opinion the only
option is perfect balance getting the
recoil as low as possible makes this
weapon very rewarding to use for both
pvp and PVE single point sling is nice
if you like to switch to your shotgun as
fast as possible but the loss and
stability might cost you more kills in
the long run I've never been a fan of
lightweight and since it would cost you
recoil I can't recommend this perk
finally like all other crotas end
weapons this has the hive disruptor
damage bonus to all hive majors this is
a nice free bonus because it works
outside the raid in all PvE environments
it'll proc for 375 extra damage once
every second or so let's talk some
numbers all tests were done on a weekly
heroic strike at level 30 abyss defiant
with hipfire scored 261 critical and 105
body shot abyss defiant with focus fire
jumped up to 348 critical and 140 body
shot suros regime with focus fire scored
471 critical in 189 body shot now keep
in mind suros regime focus fire fire
rate is slower than abyss defiance fire
rate this basically makes the abyss
define closer to a shadow price with
higher impact in slower fire rate when
using focus fire for PvP critical shots
will land 426 damage and body shots will
be 21 damage you'll need to land about 8
to 12 shots to take down an opponent the
big question is this a replacement for
suros regime no it is not serous being
an exotic will obviously excel overall
especially in the recoil Department and
the unique suros regime perk the range
on suros is 40 compared to abyss
defiance 25 service magazine sizes 33
compared to 31 on the abyss defiant
Saros also has maxed out stability when
using the smart drift control barrel
abyss defiant is about 90% maxed with
perfect balanced perk services recoil
pattern is also more tighter and
vertically contained compared to abyss
defiance more randomized recoil patterns
that veer off to the right this is
however an excellent alternative if you
don't have a suros regime or prefer to
use an exotic special or heavy and want
to keep the same general feel of a suros
regime Auto rifle in PvP I had a great
time using this gun and didn't miss my
sorrows at all it was great because I
could finally dust off my trouthe rocket
launcher for the first time in a bit I
did notice the range lacking in
comparison to cero's but as long as
you're aware of this you can pick your
battles to be in the sweet spot for this
auto rifles range with focus fire active
you can fill in that gap of high impact
at low rate of fire Vanguard crucible
auto rifles that are clearly missing
since the dark below expansion for all
the positives in this gun it really just
lacks range the starting impact is low
but focus fire compensates for that
nicely with the stability perks active
the recoil is controlled really well
considering this as a legendary gun
the only other complaint would be the
Lich Bane as a wasted perk since you
don't see Wizards in high quantities in
PvE except for the phogoth and omnigul
strikes and this is obviously a wasted
perk for PvP in summary if you're
looking for a decent alternative Auto
rifle to all the low impact high fire
rate Vanguard crucible variants
available right now abyss defiant will
be an excellent candidate with perks and
not found on any other gun if you're
trying to replace their suros regime
it'll be a tough bargain you'll have to
get used to a shorter range more recoil
and less damage per shot but you'll be
able to use patience in time or
thunderlord alright guys that is it for
me I hope you enjoyed this review
subscribe to plan a destiny if you
haven't already and slap the like button
on this video you could also help me out
tremendously by subscribing to my
channel to FTF games thank you so much
for watching and until next time guys
peace
you